the final installment of Christopher
Nolan's Batman trilogy has finally
arrived and it won't be wrong to say
that expectations are sky-high so let's
get into the plot the Dark Knight Rises
takes place roughly eight years after
the events of the Dark Knight with
Batman hanging up his cape and cowl for
good Bruce Wayne is now living like a
hermit in his mansion cut off completely
from the outside world the only person
who still tends to his needs is Alfred
on the surface things seem to have
improved in Gotham City when it comes to
crime but all that changes when a
hulking brute of an individual named
Bane sets a demotion his master plan to
turn Gotham into ashes this forces Bruce
Wayne to bring back his alter ego but
after eight years of absence the Batman
may have lost his touch when it comes to
fighting crime he's not alone however
Commissioner Gordon and a young idealist
cop by the name of John Blake still
believe in Batman and they proved to be
invaluable in tracking down bein but
there is a wild card in all this a sexy
and sultry thief by the name of Selena
Kyle whose trustworthiness is
questionable has somehow gotten involved
in Bane's master plan this is by far the
most ambitious of the three Batman films
in terms of storytelling and scope
unfortunately by trying to do too many
things Chris Nolan sacrifices
storytelling for characters there are
arguably too many characters who appear
out of nowhere play out of their part
and then disappear the structure of the
film is bit unwieldly with Batman making
an appearance in bits and pieces in the
end there's too much going on that one
doesn't have the chance to let the
events sink in however despite these
flaws this is by no means a bad motion
picture in fact a superhero movies go
this is still a very good film Chris
Nolan still delivers a compelling motion
picture but seems that simply take one's
breath away it's hard not to be
impressed by what Nolan has done here
music acting and visuals have been
combined to give us a stunning film for
the strong emotional resonance and the
action sequences especially in the last
45 minutes of the film or a tour de
force
no nominations will be given out for
acting but that's because the screen
time is divided between so many
characters that it will be hard for the
Academy to nominate just one person that
aside the acting in this film is off the
highest caliber Christian Bale never
ceases to amaze us with his acting
skills digging deeper this time around
to give us a broken and tormented Bruce
Wayne equally brilliant is Anne Hathway
a Selina Kyle pathways Catwoman is
manipulative smart cunning and an
excellent fighter all wrapped into a
sexy looking cat burglar Joseph
gordon-levitt is amazing playing a smart
resourceful police officer who also has
a tragic past just like Bruce Wayne
Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman can do
no wrong in this film with Kane giving
us one of his most moving performances
then there's Tom Hardy is bein a brutal
individual who is more than a physical
match for Batman while he lacks a
psychological theory of the Joker Bane
is still a force to be reckoned with so
in the end we give the film 4 out of 5
stars but tell us what you think
you